                    Release notes for MindTerm 3.1

* Can now print screen to printer
  There are two new entries in the "File" menu which lets the user
  print the current screen, or the entire scrollback buffer, to a
  printer.

* Added virtual keyboard
  It is now possible to define a virtual keyboard in the configuration
  file. This will be shown as a bunch of buttons at the bottom of the
  MindTerm window. This is not intended to be able to replace the
  entire keyboard but rather as a place to define special and shortcut
  keys. The virtual keys can generate any number of characters each.

* Added the ability to remap keys
  It is now also possible to remap any of the keyboard keys to produce
  any string. This has to be configured in teh configuration file.

* Added 'resizable' terminal window option
  This option, which defaults to true, controls if the user can resize
  the terminal window.

* Added support for host-based authentication
  MindTerm can now use host-base public key authentication.

* Can now disable keep-alive
  It is now possible to disable the sending of keep-alive packets via
  the settings dialog.

* Fixed VT220 & VT320 key mappings
  The function key mappings for VT220 and VT320 were wrong.

* Added subsystem example
  Added an example showing how to implement teh client part of a new
  subsystem.

* Fixed a number of lockup-bugs
  MindTerm 3.1 fixes a number of bugs where the entire client could
  lock up. It also introduces timeouts during the connection and
  version handshake phases.

* Improved detection of buggy SSH-servers
  The code which detects various buggy SSH-servers has been improved.

* Terminal window problems fixed
  The terminal windows did not properly release all resources when
  they were closed.

* Terminal window now ignores null-bytes
  Added an option 'ignore-null', default true, which causes the
  terminal window to ignore received null-bytes.

* Telnet protocol fixes
  The telnet plugin had a number of problems with end-of-line
  representations. This made it more or less impossible to talk to a
  non-telnet server (like SMTP). Also added and 'crlf' option which
  allows users to force the end-of-line behavior.

* SCP problems fixed
  There were problems with SCP when talking with sime Cisco devices
  with "interesting" behavior.

* Less agressive focus behavior
  Do not request focus every time we are deiconified. This was changed
  since some virtual window managers generated an deiconify event
  whenever teh user switched to the workspace containing the window.

* Fixed handling of --p option
  A bug made the "save" and "load" arguments of the --p option
  meaningless. They both acted just like "both".
